Spectre's gone.
Who do ya think|s
next on their
to-do list?
Aww, man!
Blue Maiden,
let's review our strategies
in case they come after us.
Right.
Man,
you think we got what it takes
to defeat Lightning?
(Flame)
We do.
Because we must.
Spectre...
I swear I will avenge
your defeat.
There you are, Varis.
Or there you were,
past tense,
because I'm coming to
ghost you like Spectre.
Wait, Windy.
I'd like you to take care
of a different opponent first,
if you don't mind.
What?
I do-do-do-do mind!
He wrecked my body,
so I want to wreck
his everything!
And you will, my friend.
But think of Varis like...
dessert.
Dessert?
As in the sand
or the chocolate pecan pie?
As in,
save the most
satisfying for last.
Yes, yes.
I see, I see.
So who do you see
to be defeated by me?
Well since you are the wind,
what are you exceptional
at blowing out?
A flame.
(electronic whirring)
(Soulburner)
Hey, Flame,
do you know
why these planes are grounded?
Because they have
bad "altitudes."
(laughs)
Oh, you're the best, Soulburner.
Did that plane just move?
Yes, but there's no pilot
on board.
They're surrounding us
to trap us in.
Do you believe in ghosts?
Because I'm starting
to believe in ghosts.
Would you please
not say things like that!
Are you afraid of ghosts,
Soulburner?
Or should I say,
Soul-BOO-ner?
Not cool! Not cool at all!
Then you should be
happy to know
that my scans say
this isn't the work of ghosts,
but crosswinds
that are pushing the aircraft.
So wait, it's just the wind?
Yes,
so this must be the work
of a certain Ignis.
Windy.
(groans)
My bytes are tinglin'!
(gasps)
(Pigeon)
Look, boss!
Down there!
Ah, the camera crew
has come for my coverage.
Correct, Mister Windy sir!
Ready to broadcast,
so you just let us know
what you want, and you got it!
Where did your journalistic
integrity disappear to?
My integrity's in this body
which I wanna keep alive
so get your camera rollin'!
(gasps)
Another duel's starting up.
(Ai)
Yeah.
I hope Soulburner and Flame
don't get extinguished.
A strange place you chose
for our duel, Windy.
Well, I don't care
where we're battlin'
as long as--
Ahem, I believe
Flame was speaking to me,
not you, so be silent when grown
Ignis are talking.
You're right.
But you don't need
to be rude about it!
I'm surprised you'd
choose to duel us
instead of Varis.
I know you haven't forgotten
that he defeated you.
Oh, he'll get his.
But Lightning's strategy
is to defeat
the weakest duelists first.
(gasps)
Hold up, you're saying
I'm weaker than Varis?
Believe me I can take
a lot of insults,
but that's going too far.
That's where the line
was crossed?
(Ai)
A-ha!
That means Windy's
not challenging us to a duel
because he knows that
I'm the strongest opponent
around this place!
That sounds unlikely.
I apologize.
I don't think
you're weaker than Varis.
Oh yeah, is that so, Windy?
Yes!
You're super weak.
Aww, c'mooon!
Soulburner, calm down.
You're falling for
Windy's schemes.
He's trying to make you
lose your cool.
So...
you're saying he's trying
to tick me off on purpose?
That is exactly
what I'm saying.
Because if you let your
emotions take control,
you won't make
the right decisions,
giving Windy the advantage.
Not true, not true.
Well, not all not true.
Was I trying to get
your goat, maybe a skosh.
But it's true to me and you
that you are
the weakest of your crew.
But you refuse to accept that,
don't you?
Arrogant, arrogant, arrogant.
That's why I've never liked you,
Flame,
never ever never liked you
one teeny tiny bit!
The same does not go for me.
What happened to you?
The Windy I knew back in the
Cyberse was my friend.
He wasn't twisted with hate,
but peaceful,
loving and carefree.
Carefree? I was never carefree.
But I do care. To be free.
Free from your amateur analysis.
Wrong, Windy.
I know the real you.
And this isn't you.
The real Windy would never
betray the Cyberse
and destroy our homeworld.
You changed
and I want to know why.
Then I guess you never knew me.
The real me.
Not even a little.
And the real me
would rather duel than chat,
so let's get on with it
cuz I have another date
with a man
who rhymes with
the capital of France.
I think he's the one who's
starting to lose his cool.
Let's hope so.
Let's duel!
Be careful, you two.
Of all the Ignis,
Windy's the most unpredictable.
He even got rid
of his human host
so that he could do
whatever he wants.
I'm going first.
And now, now, now,
I'll start this duel
right by playing
the card on my left.
STORMRIDER GRIFFORE.
Its special ability lets me look
at the cards in your hand.
And if you have any spell
or trap cards,
I place one of them
facedown on your field
while I summon
GRIFFORE to my field.
Now come along,
it's show and tell time.
Not cool, his very first move
is to mess with our hand.
More like mess up.
Now chop-chop.
Hmm...spell or trap,
spell or trap.
I choose the pink one.
SALAMANGREAT ROAR
is a useful trap.
Why would he let us have it?
Come on out,
STORMRIDER GRIFFORE!
(computer chirping)
Next, I activate
STORMRIDER HIPPOGRIFF's
special ability
from my hand!
As long as you have
a spell or trap card in play
-which you do-
I can summon this card!
(computer chirping)
And lo and behold-
I already have all I need
to cyclone my circuit!
The summoning conditions
require two STORMRIDERS!
I Link Summon!
Link 2
STORMRIDERSHIP ROCKBUSTER!
(computer chirping)
Since I used my HIPPOGRIFF
to Link Summon,
its special ability
sends the only card
in your Spell and Trap Zone,
meaning your preeeecious
SALAMANGREAT ROAR
to the graveyard.
Then you get to draw one card,
but I doubt it'll be as nice
as the one you lost.
(growls)
Was that a "grr" I heard?
Aww, then let me do you a favor.
Double thumbs up?
I'll let you retrieve
your trap card
from your graveyard
and place it facedown
on your field.
Niiiice, right?
And all I ask for in exchange
is that I get to summon
STORMIDER SKYFISHER
from my hand.
(computer chirping)
Doing me a favor?
I know you're up
to something, Windy.
Fine.
I place SALAMANGREAT ROAR
back on my field!
That's no way
to say "thank you."
That's rude and mean and...
smart.
Because you shouldn't thank me.
Because with this new monster,
I can Link Summon again!
The summoning conditions
require at least
two STORMRIDERS!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 STORMRIDERSHIP
BAHAMUT BOMBER!
(howls)
(computer chirping)
Aww, glitch!
He already summoned
his strongest monster!
With my BAHAMUT BOMBER's arrival
comes your
life points' departure.
(laughs)
When I have no spell
or trap cards on my field,
it can destroy one card
on your field,
and you take
500 points of damage!
And oh my-
is that a facedown card I spy?
Oh, it is!
Or should I say- it was.
(timer beeping)
Windy never intended
to let us use our trap card.
In fact, he was always planning
to use it
against us instead.
I hate to say it
but...
Duuuuh.
It's your turn, Mr. Obvious.
He's starting to tick me
off big time!
Soulburner...
I know, Flame.
I can't allow Windy
to get to me.
And he's not going to!
I'll start by summoning
SALAMANGREAT FALCO!
(computer chirping)
I blaze the circuit
that scorches
the path to the future!
The summoning condition
is one Level 4
or lower Cyberse monster!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 SALAMANGREAT BALELYNX!
(computer chirping)
When I successfully Link Summon
my SALAMANGREAT BALELYNX,
I can add the Field Spell
SALAMANGREAT SANCTUARY
from my deck to my hand.
And I can also use my FALCO's
special ability
to regain my trap card.
Which his BAHAMUT BOMBER
will just destroy again.
(grunts)
Then I
'll do something else
instead.
Since I Link Summoned this turn,
I'm allowed to summon
SALAMANGREAT MOLE
next to my BALELYNX's link!
(computer chirping)
And with this monster...
I can Link Summon again!
I set SALAMANGREAT
BALELYNX and MOLE
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 SALAMANGREAT
SUNLIGHT WOLF!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
And this isn't the only monster
that I'm gonna get out
on my field!
When I summon a SALAMANGREAT,
I'm also allowed to summon
SALAMANGREAT FOWL
from my hand!
(computer chirping)
Since I summoned
it next to my WOLF's link,
my canine's
special ability activates,
allowing me to return one
SALAMANGREAT monster
in my graveyard to my hand.
SALAMANGREAT FALCO,
come on back!
Soulburner's churnin' thru
his deck like butter!
(Soulburner)
I'll blaze
my circuit for a third time
by setting SUNLIGHT WOLF
and SALAMANGREAT FOWL
in the Link Arrows!
(shooting)
I Link Summon!
Link 3 SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
(roaring)
(computer chirping)
Then I activate
SALAMANGREAT SANCTUARY!
And with that,
now's the perfect time
to attack!
Wait!
No, it's not.
Uh, yes, it is.
(laughs)
My, oh, my.
Are you two fighting?
Nice.
(Windy)
Oh, Flame.
I couldn't help but hear
that Soulburner refuses
to listen to you.
Aren't human partners
such a pain?
They only get in your way.
Is that why you got
rid of yours, Windy?
Of course.
And what gives you the right
to just go
and delete
someone's entire existence?
Mmm-hmm.
Don't you even feel
a little bit of remorse?
Oh, you're one to talk.
When you delete a file
on your computer,
do you ever consider
how the file must feel?
Same difference.
No, it's not the same!
Now I'm not one
for speeches,
but listen up.
The Ignis were only created
because us humans went
through the Lost Incident.
And believe me when
I say it was no party.
It was the worst thing
anyone could ever go through.
And it cost me everything...
including my family.
But there was one good thing
that came out of it.
It gave me my best friend.
Flame.
So to think that you would
get rid of your own
human counterpart-
I can't get my head around that.
Because that means
you actually got rid
of your own best friend!
My best friend?
That's right.
Someone who believes in you!
Someone who picks you up
when you're down!
Someone who can
make you laugh
or just laugh along with you.
Someone just to be there.
You coul
d've had what I have
but you threw it all away!
(car tires screeching)
(clattering)
Oh, well.
Windy, Soulburner
and I may disagree
from time to time,
but the bond that links us
makes us stronger
together than alone.
Now this may not sound logical,
but this is a clear case
when one plus one
equals more than two.
And I am quite certain
that Playmaker and Blue Maiden
will say the same thing
about Ai and Aqua.
Don't correct him, Playmaker.
I agree.
Poor Flame...
These humans have corrupted
you so badly
that the only way to save you
is to delete you.
You're right, Flame.
I've made a huge mistake.
The mistake being that
I let you lecture me
for two agonizing minutes
about rubbish and gibberish.
If you're such great partners,
enjoy falling
to your doom together!
But, Windy--
But nothing!
When I win and win alone,
you'll learn that partners
are nothing but a burden!
(grunts)
What can I say
to get through to him?
You can't.
But what we can do...
is win this duel right here
and right now.
Yes.
If nothing we say
can sink in,
then we will let our skills
do the talking.
What a good idea.
And allow my card to make
the first retort!
I activate
STORMRIDER GARGOYLEAD's
special ability!
By discarding this monster
from my hand
and tossing it
in the graveyard...
I can activate the Field Spell
STORMRIDER TURBULENCE
from my deck!
This Field Spell raises
the attack points
of all my STORMRIDERS by 300.
(timer beeping)
But even better,
I know I just put
the kibosh on your strategy.
You see, in every duel you duel,
you try to summon
SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO
because it has
a powerful special ability.
But when I have
a STORMRIDER in play,
STORMRIDER TURBULENCE
negates your
Link Monster's special abilities
for a turn.
So even if you summon HEATLEO,
it will do one thing,
which is nothing.
That's the price you pay
for not mixing up your game.
It's a snap for me to figure out
what you two will do
to stop you from doing
what you want to do.
Oh, yeah?
Then why don
't I go
and call an audible
that you've never
ever seen before!
When I have at least three
SALAMANGREATS in my graveyard,
I can summon
SALAMANGREAT BEAT BISON
from my hand!
And for every faceup card
you have on your field...
BEAT BISON's special ability
returns one Fire
Attribute Link Monster
in my graveyard
to my Extra Deck.
So I get back my SUNLIGHT WOLF.
But that's not all.
For every card I retrieve,
I can then negate the effects
of one of your cards!
What?
So I neutralize your
STORMRIDER TURBULENCE!
(timer beeping)
(growls)
Next I activate my
SALAMANGREAT SANCTUARY!
It lets me use
a SALAMANGREAT Link Monster
to Link Summon another copy!
Reincarnation Link Summon!
Rise again from the
valley of flames,
SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
With STORMRIDER
TURBULENCE is offline,
His HEATLEO is now allowed
to use its special ability.
And drop Windy's monste
r's
attack points!
Nicely done,
but not nice enough!
By banishing GARGOYLEAD
from my graveyard,
I can destroy
STORMRIDER TURBULENCE
and replace it
with STORMRIDER BLAST!
This Field Spell gives
all my STORMRIDERS
400 attack points!
(timer beeping)
Plus for every
STORMRIDER Field Spell
in my graveyard,
they gain 300
more attack points!
(timer beeping)
Windy can raise its
attack points all he wants,
but HEATLEO's ability will
drop it down to nearly nothing.
Oh, I haven't told you
the best part.
If your Link Monster has
equal or fewer Links than mine,
it loses its special abilities.
Your HEATLEO is Link 3
and twinsies!
So's BAHAMUT BOMBER!
So your kitty cat is declawed!
And remember how I said
that was the best part?
It wasn't, this is.
When I have a STORMRIDER
Link Monster in play,
your monsters
are forced to attack it,
even if they're weaker
than mine.
So come here
and get decimated!
(groans)
Oh, byte.
C'mon, no stalling.
Bring it on.
HEATLEO...
Sorry but you gotta attack
his BAHAMUT BOMBER.
And not sorry
but blow HEATLEO
into bite-sized bits!
My HEATLEO may've
been forced to attack,
but it doesn't have
to be destroyed!
(Flame)
By banishing BALELYNX
from our graveyard,
it protects HEATLEO
from destruction.
(grunts)
But you still take damage!
(timer beeping)
(groaning)
With that I end my turn.
Too, too, too, too bad.
Here you were prepared
to deal me damage,
possibly big, big damage,
but you're the one who took it
on the chin instead.
See, Flame, your earlier
analysis was right,
you didn't have
the perfect setup for battle.
But Soulburner overruled you
and it backfired.
Great partner, am I right?
It's my turn.
I'll start by activating
STORMRIDER SKYFISHER's
special ability
to automatically summon it
to my field.
(computer chirping)
And in return,
you get to retrieve
a spell or trap card
from your graveyard.
Well, I only have one card
that fits that bill.
Yes, your SALAMANGREAT ROAR.
But by using BAHAMUT
BOMBER's special ability,
I can immediately destroy it
and deal you
500 points of damage!
(timer beeping)
Next, I'll cyclone my circuit
to call forth my newest monster!
The summoning condition
requires one Level 2
or lower STORMRIDER!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 STORMRIDERSHIP
STOLASTORM!
(computer chirping)
But that
's only the start.
STORMRIDER BLAST's effect
pumps 700 more attack points
into my STOLASTORM!
(timer beeping)
Now BAHAMAUT BOMBER,
attack SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
Blow out its flames
with a huge gust of wind!
Or with your lasers.
(shooting)
(blasting)
(groans)
(timer beeping)
That was a tasty morsel,
but I want more.
STOLASTORM, destroy BEAT BISON!
Oh, no...
Soulburner lost
all his monsters.
They're getting bruised up
like a bag of juicy peaches!
This doesn't look good.
I activate STOLASTORM's
special ability
to banish it from my field
until the next turn.
Does that mean I can't attack
and destroy it?
That's exactly what it means.
Not that we have any monsters
on our field
to destroy it with.
Shhhh!
Don't tell Soulburner that,
he'll start crying and
blubbering like a beached baby.
But let me let you in
on two secrets,
one, you're going to lose.
And two,
it will not, not,
not, not be painful.
(Windy laughing)
Excellent, Windy.
This duel is as good as yours.
It's your turn, Flameburner,
see what I did there?
And I can say quite certainly
that it will be your last.
And I know, I know.
I'm tempting fate
by making such a declaration
but jinxes and hoodoos
and voodoos
are a miniscule concern
when I have a lead this large.
Windy thinks that
he's already won.
Well, Flame,
if you look at the facts,
it's not very hard to see
why he feels that way.
He's got us outnumbered
in monsters
and life points and everything.
So what you're saying is that
when we make a comeback
and win,
it will feel amazing?
That's exactly what I'm saying!
The best ever!
Aww, isn't that sweet?
You support each other
thru and thru,
through thick and thin
and every cranny in between...
even in your delusions!
Yeah!
You can mock us
all you want to...
But Flame and I...
are gonna take you down,
and we're gonna
take you down together!
Words, words, words,
just words.
Because I've already detected
cracks in your partnership,
and when I break them wide open,
you'll both come tumbling down!
(electronic whirring)